docs: Adding Documentation for Open Recent Menu-item (#24374)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/recent-documents.md

app.clearRecentDocuments()
```

> __Adding Recent documents in Menuitem (For Mac):__

Author: Yes, the open recent menu item is only available for Mac. You can read it in special roles available for Mac at https://www.electronjs.org/docs/api/menu-item . Also PR #11166 (which added this feature) also states that.

> __Adding Recent documents in Menuitem (For Mac):__

Reviewer: Yep, misread here. Thanks for the clarification!

app.clearRecentDocuments()
```

> __Adding Recent documents in Menuitem (For Mac):__

Reviewer: I would suggest putting this under "macOS notes".

Author: Yes, That's a better idea!!

> __Adding Recent documents in Menuitem (For Mac):__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Adding the Recent Documents list to the application menu:__
```

> ![menu item Files][menu-item-image]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![macOS Recent Documents menu item][menu-item-image]
```

> You can add recent documents in the menu item along with the clear recent submenu by adding the the following code to the menu array. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add menu items to access and clear recent documents by adding the following code snippet to your menu's template.
```

app.clearRecentDocuments()
```

> 

Reviewer: Stray newline

## macOS Notes

> __Adding the Recent Documents list to the application menu:__

Reviewer 2: This can be an `h3`:

`### Adding the Recent Documents list to an Application Menu:`

![macOS Recent Documents menu item][menu-item-image]

You can add menu items to access and clear recent documents by adding the following code snippet to your menu's template.

```javascript
{
{
   "submenu":[
      {
         "label":"Open Recent",
         "role":"recentdocuments",
         "submenu":[
            {
               "label":"Clear Recent",
               "role":"clearrecentdocuments"
            }
         ]
      }
   ]
}
```

> __When a file is requested from the recent documents menu, the `open-file` event

Reviewer 2: This should just be a normal sentence, with no heavy underscores: `__`

## macOS Notes

### Adding the Recent Documents list to the application menu:

![macOS Recent Documents menu item][menu-item-image]

You can add menu items to access and clear recent documents by adding the following code snippet to your menu's template.

> ```javascript

Reviewer 2: @bhutraraghav this should be `json`

Author: @codebytere They were probably added by @erickzhao .
